The watchmaker peered through his lense, "mumm, yes, you see what you have
here" he said. Hall stood, or sat, he could not pin down his exact state,
curious. The watchmaker pulled a fine metal pin from his work belt and began to
adjust gears and springs within the time piece. "See here, this pinon is not
engaged with the clickspring, can't tell time like that my boy". Hall listened
to the watchmaker or perhapse he was the watchmaker, curious that. As the
watchmaker began to wind a spring Hall jammed the small metal tool into his
corated artery. "Can't tell time like that my boy" the watchmaker said from
somewhere in the distance. Hall may have been on the floor, he looked at
himself laying there, the watchmaker dying on the ground. Hall collapsed for
the last time. 

Hall went through his calendar for the morning, his pocket watch was broken,
that should be dealt with. There was a watch repair shop a short walk away, he
could call in sick, no point in going to work if his time was inacurate.

As he opened the door to the watchmakers shop a bell rang, after a few moments
an older man hobbeled out from the a back room. Hall collapsed on the floor,
the watchmaker, covered in blood and with a knife protruding from his neck,
stood over Hall. "Oh my my, Mr. Patch, we have had bad luck today havn't we."
Hall looked up and wondered how much blood the watchmaker could possibly have
within him". The old man laughed and as a torrent of blood poured out over
Hall. "We will talk tommorow Mr. Patch, I am quite sure of it". 

Hall woke up that morning from a disturbing dream of drowning. As he was going
through his daily calendar the knob on his door turned and an older man walked
in.  "Sit down Mr. Patch" Hall turned towrds his chair and in doing so felt
imediatly calm. The old man sat as well, curious, Hall did not remember the
chair the old man sat in. "Mummmm, we didn't give you the nices't living
accomidations, I always regret that when we have these chats. One feels
so....in tune with the common people while here. Due to the recent
unpleasentness, our analysis no longer belive you are subtable, so I regret
that this will likely be our last meeting". Hall considered the older man and
in doing so was wrenched out of his apartment by the hand of an acient god. The
world disolved around him he heard the watchmaker say "I am sorry Mr. Patch,
your life is not one I would envey".

Pain, darkness, moisture, sound, light, darkness, light, nauseaua, dark, pain
pain, pain, pain, pain. 

He had woken up on on the street in a back alley, naked, covered in dirt. The
first hours were pure disorientation, no memory, not even any language. Slowley
though pieces returned, decades of a life lived and died, identity, lagauage,
and immense pain, more than anything the pain. After a few days sleeping on
garbage and being yelled at by those who are yelled at by their own betters
Hall had remembed enough of the basics of life to find food. 

Begging for food is what first introduced Hall to the underground scene, the
dredge of society frequented similar scenes to that which Hall was relegated
to. Overtime, they took notice of his sui generis form. Eventually, he was
approached, people of a class higher than the urchins that made his company
normally, he was asked to meet with someone important that could improve the
conditions of his life.  

"Mr. Wheelchair would Greatly appreciate services that you might be able to
offer us" the man said over a dinner that must have been meant for kings. Hall
explained to them, best he could, that he did not remember how to do anything
more than studder out the most basic of sentences. The man smiled "all the
better, I belive that we can have a very fruitful relationship Hall, one that
benafits both Mr. Wheelchair, and yourself". Hall thought that the man sounded
very kind, and latter, as they were leaving dinner, Hall was excited, for the
first time he could remember. The resons were difficult to pin down, some
subconcuos part of his brain said, "now we can find the people that hurt me"  
