 given background:
	
	i live in a farming village (emelle) of maybe seven dozen.
	we have a church, houses, farms, and little else.
	we answer to a lord in a nearby castle.
	
	my younger sister (19) hunts.
	my older brother (31) is captain of the guard of the village.
	my father used to be captain, but he died recently (somehow).

potential occupations:
	
		(in the woods)
	
	hunter: i snare rabbits and shoot deer, and i collect nuts, roots, berries, and herbs. i am practiced in moving silently.
	
	woodcutter: i cut trees down and chop them into planks and firewood.
	
		(in the village)
	
	farmer: i raise grains, vegetables, poultry, goats, bees -- maybe some fruit or pigs.
	
	carpenter: i build houses, tables, and chairs, and i carve patterns and trinkets. i also might make bows.
	
	blacksmith: i make nails, horseshoes, arrowheads, and spearheads.
	
	tanner: i cure leather to make sturdy jackets, straps, and boots. i also might make rope of flax or hemp.
	
		(supplementary)
	
	aspiring priest: i help set up ceremonial or holiday events at the church, am trained in administering rites, and assist with weekly/daily services.
	
	aspiring warrior: i practice sword-play in my spare time and take every opportunity to journey to larger towns or cities.
	
	aspiring bard: i practice music in my spare time and take every opportunity to journey to larger towns or cities.

potential classes:
	
	cleric  # acceptable!
	druid
	paladin
	ranger
	rogue
	
	bard    # too much like previous characters.
	fighter
	
	barbarian  # i just don't know if i'm feelin' it.
	sorcerer
	
	monk    # a bit of a stretch, don't you think?
	warlock
	wizard

acceptable classes:
	
	cleric
		i hold a job in the village and aspire to be a priest.
		i have a very rudimentary knowledge of divine magic: exorcise illness, perform generic blessings, grant protect against evil spirits.
		i might be trained in mundane healing arts such as mixing herbs, setting breaks, and letting blood.
		i have a good thing going, and i don't want things to change.
		
		mechanics: the time-scale of my healing magic would be drastically lengthened; instant healing would be almost miraculous.
		mechanics: the time-scale of my blessing magic would be drastically lengthened, frequently lasting hours or days.
		mechanics: many spells would only be available to me via preparing scrolls or potions.
		
		seems like a pretty good choice, if i can get motivated.
	
	druid
		i hold a job in the woods.
		i am knowledgeable in poisonous and medicinal herbs.
		i identify bipolarly as a member of my village and as a part of nature (i need to identify with the village because my father was captain of the guard).
		i am relatively insensitive to events in the outside world, and i'm probably content to continue as i am, baring an enormous provocation.
		
		mechanics: i can only access my magic in the wilderness, and i would have a visibly different personality and demeanor there.
		mechanics: i'm totally chill with metal crap. seriously, what's wrong with iron?
		mechanics: many spells, in particular healing or poison spells, would only be availalbe to me via preparing potions.
		
		seems like a pretty good choice, if i can get motivated.
	
	paladin
		i hold a job in the village and aspire to be priest or warrior (priest/warrior might determine emphasis on healing/other magic).
		i might be very devout; many of my meager magics are useable only after lengthy prayers.
		i am a natural leader, whence my bolstering magic.
		i am very idealistic, and the moment i sense a problem in the world i will want to take off to solve it.
		
		mechanics: the time-scale of my healing magic would be drastically lengthened; instant healing would be almost miraculous.
		mechanics: my bolstering spells come from my presense alone and can be cast as free actions.
		
		seems a bit much like georg, but with a little magic and more extroverted.
	
	ranger
		i hold a job in the woods and might aspire to be a warrior (hunter/woodcutter might determine ranged/melee focus).
		i am knowledgeable in poisonous and medicinal herbs.
		i identify mostly as a member of the village who happens to be very familiar with the woods.
		i might be content with my lot or flighty for adventure.
		
		mechanics: i can only access my magic in the wilderness.
		mechanics: many spells, in particular healing or poison spells, would only be availalbe to me via preparing potions.
		
		seems like a pretty good choice.
	
	rogue (hunter)
		i am a hunter.
		i view the village and the woods as one domain, people as animals, and myself in a brutal struggle for survival; i am antisocial and probably rather poor.
		i am extraordinarily insensitive to events that don't directly affect me and cannot hold grudges; i might be motivated by profit.
		
		i'm not sure that i want to play a cold character, and i'd need to get motivated.
	
	rogue (villager)
		i hold an apprenticeship with someone in the village.
		i have weak kleptomaniacal tendencies -- stealing scraps of food, coins from drunks, crops from fields or gardens, trinkets from travellers.
		i am rather reserved and fearful of people; when i was younger, i was occasionally caught and punished for my thievery.
		i am restless and malcontent where i am, but also scared of journeying.
		
		something just feels wrong, and motivation might be an issue.

accepted class/occupation: druid/woodcutter

more given background:
	
	my parents were hired farmhands (almost average income for this town, on the low side).
	my mother died shortly after my sister was born, my father (cloud) caught ill and died when i was 14 (sister 11, brother 23).
	my brother's name is adavald (ada), my sister's name is samitha (sami).
	i am close to my siblings.
	my brother took over as captain of the guard almost right after my father died.
	
	my brother and sister have light blonde hair and bright blue eyes.

... adavald does something frickin' amazing and wins everyone's respect after the second year.
... adavald gets married and inherits an entire miniature farm as dowry a short year or so later.
... by this time, sis and i are good 'n stuck in our forest-y ways. we just think that there's something really special about that place.

... i have yet to describe my alternate forest personality.
... i have yet to decide how much people know of my forest magic.
