
MAKING A GAME DYNAMIC DESPITE STATIC PLAYER CHARACTERS
------------------------------------------------------
Leveling up presents issues for me, so...
 • aquire new items
	- they're character modifiers, essentially
	- may create _slight_ shift in tactics, but
	  mostly act to slightly emphasize existing
	  tactics
	  e.g., with a +1 damage on a sword, you'll
		still just be hitting people with the
		sword. no big tactical shift
 • aquire new party members
	- they're player tools, essentially
	- could potentially create large tactical shifts
	  e.g., you now have a sneak theif
	  e.g., you now have a hulk
	  e.g., you now have a diplomat
	  e.g., you now have a vulnerable child (ha!)
	  e.g., you now have a large number of unruly midgets (??)
 • discover new locations
	- new enemies!
	  e.g., or are they friends...?
	  e.g., bears will tend to charge you
	  e.g., thieves will steal your money and try to run
	  e.g., salamander-men will strike from the water,
		retreat, and strike again--over and over
	  e.g., goblins will pester you in large groups
	- new terrain!
	  e.g., frequent bog fights
	  e.g., fighting near ledges and drop-offs
	  e.g., fighting near civilians
 • develop relationships with people
	- befriend a village!
	- piss off a village!
 • put the character in interesting scenarios occasionally
   (not long-term dynamic, but it's ALL temporary, really!)
	- player captured and stripped -- no weapons!
	- player has to fight mind control (mwah ha)
	- player stranded in the wilderness
	- take away player's party (party is split up)







SMART FIGHTER
-------------
Focus on skills and feats.
Rogue/Fighter multiclasser.
Tries to stick to sneaking, but can also
  do breaking-and-entering, and can, to
  a degree, be fearsome in a fight. They
  are not required to be able to last out
  a prolonged battle, though--just be able
  to present a challenge in a short struggle.
Effective hit die: 1d8
Effective skill growth: 5 + int modifier
Effective base attack bonus: between 'good' and 'average'
Bonus feat every fourth level
Proficiency with all simple and martial weapons,
  all shields, and all armour.
Special sneak attack.
Ability priorities:
  int, str, dex, con, wis, cha
Intelligence boosts skills constantly
  (especially when leveling as a fighter),
  strength lets the character threaten
  enemies with tactical manuvers like
  bull rushes, trips, and grapples,
  and dexterity provides them with
  the natural armour that they won't
  get via armour. Strength and dexterity
  also boost various athletic skills.
  Constitution isn't a bad thing, to
  help live a bit longer (especially
  when leveling with a rogue's hit die),
  and wisdom boosts spot and listen
  checks, among other things. Charisma
  is almost useless.
It's almost a necessity, for this character,
  to be medium-sized--grapples and the like
  are virtually useless to small characters.

For a purer skill- and feat-based approach, humans would
  do excellently. Though they don't technically have
  any ability modifiers, their extra skill point per
  level is nearly as good as a boost to intelligence,
  and their bonus feat could go toward improved grapple
  or some such thing to more reliably open up combat as
  a valid option.

One little addition would be adding first-level
  barbarian to the mix of classes. This would
  let the character rage once per day, allowing
  them to tactically resort to straight-up combat.
  This would not be their ussual mode of operation,
  but it would leave the option open--the whole
  point of this build, really. Being a first-
  level barbarian would also let this character
  move somewhat faster than normal, which could
  strongly improve the efficacy of breaking-and-
  entering strategies, as well as improve sneaking
  and climbing speed.
This could be accomplished without an XP penalty
  by using a half-orc character. Compared with
  other races, half-orcs have no special skill
  bonuses, and they also penalize intelligence--
  the most important of this character's abilities.
  They also boost strength, however, which is the
  second most important ability, so a slightly lower
  roll could be accepted there than would otherwise
  be desirable.
Overall, this would weigh strategy in favor of using
  straight violence more often, but it would make sure
  that the option would be at least left open in more
  scenarios.

Elves may do, but I do not believe that they are an excellent
  fit for this build. Their ability modifiers both affect
  abilites not held in great or little regard by this
  character--dexterity and constitution. It is nice that
  they put dexterity before constitution, as this build does,
  but neither is a huge worry.
Should more focus be put on ranged combat and defensive
  fighting, though, elves should do well. They would not
  build feats like improved grapple and the like much more
  slowly than humans, and they would have an immediate boost
  to a variety of skills related to dexterity and perception.
  It would also leave the option open to put a level or two
  into wizardry--this has not been considered yet, but,
  for players who enjoy possessing magical powers, this could
  be nice.

Halflings may also work, should much more focus be put into
  sneaking than fighting. Grappling and the like will be
  nearly impossible without the appropriate feats, which
  could take some time to acrue, and smaller creatures do
  less damage with their weapons. They can hit more often,
  however, and cannot be hit as often--the only worry about
  this (as with the elf) is that this will create a pestering
  style of combat, which could go on for a while, and this
  build should not be able to handle such prolonged, engaged
  combat very well (prolonged combat with the sole purpose
  of distracting the enemy is acceptable, however). The boost
  to dexterity over strength is somewhat aggrivating, but
  not so much as a half-orc's intelligence penalty.

Some feats (in order of approximate priority):
	Improved Unarmed Strike (worst-case prepared) [if dex > 12]
	Improved Grapple (poor man's EVERYTHING) [if dex > 12]
	Power Attack (frickin' awesome)
	Weapon Focus (very versatile with power attack and combat expertise)
	Combat Expertise (versatile, but not commonly useful)
	Improved Disarm (poor man's pickpocket)
	Dodge (no-armour AC boost)
	Improved Overrun (poor man's trip) [move way up if dex < 13]
	Improved Bull Rush (because) [move way up if dex < 13]
	Run (because)
	Weapon specialization + focus + stuff




BLIND CHARACTER
---------------
Dwarven Cleric/Barbarian and lvl 1 Fighter
	Domains Earth and Fire
Feats:	Blind-Fight (consider modification)
	Improved Unarmed Strike
	Improved Grapple
	Combat Reflexes
	Power Attack
	Toughness
Ability Priorities:
	wis, con, str, cha, int, dex*
	* move as high as neccessary to make at least 13
Gear:
	Weapons and Armour:
	  Quarterstaff		: --
	  Spiked gauntlets (×2)	: 10 g
	  Morningstar		:  8 g
	  Tower shield		: 30 g
	  Scale Mail		: 50 g
			total	: 98 g
	Other:
	  --stuff--
Blindness:
	Everyone else has total concealment (they can
	  be approximately located by winning a listen
	  vs. move silently check and pinpointed by
	  beating that by 20. If you are attacked--even
	  if you're not hit--by an enemy, you automatically
	  pinpoint them. In general, consult 'invisibility'
	  in the DM's Guide).
	Eternally flat-footed*.
	-4 penalty to AC
	-4 penalty to search checks
	Must move at half speed or with long stick to avoid
	  bumping into things
	+2 bonus to listen checks
	In general, has difficulty doing things that require
	  sight (such as making spot checks)
	* can still make attacks of opportunity with
	  'Combat Reflexes' feat; 'Uncanny dodge' gives
	  back dex bonus to AC.
Style:
The end goal, in most fights, will be to grapple the enemy.
  That way, their total concealment can't take effect. Cowering
  behind the tower shield for TOTAL COVER (they can't hit you,
  even melee attacks) to get to combat could help, and, once there,
  swinging wildly with the morningstar could help locate the square
  an enemy is in. The morningstar could also help when facing
  many smaller enemies. When raging, the typical thing to do
  would be alternate between dual-handing the morning star--using
  lots of power attacks--and grappling. Heavy armour and high
  hit points help compensate for being blind, typically, but
  caution is generally abandoned when raging. When not raging,
  touch attacks--such as 'inflict' spells or 'produce fire'--
  can help deal damage. Area spells like 'flaming hands' and
  'spike stones' can also help.
