Fangadorian Soldier

Str 12 1	Saves:	+3
Dex 10 0			+2
Con 12 1			+0
Int 9 -1			+0
Wis 8 -1 			+0
Cha 10 0			+0

Fighter 2

HP 13	Initiative +0	Speed 30ft
10L/7M/3S

Armor: Studded leather, 25 gp, +3 Protection,–1 Check Penalty,20 lbs. 

Skills:		Animal Handling +1
			Investigation	+1

Possible Fighting Styles:
DEFENSE While you are wearing armor, you gain a +1 bonus to AC.

1) DUELING When you are wielding a melee weapon in one hand and no other weapons,
 you gain a +2 bonus to damage rolls with that weapon,

2) GREAT WEAPON FIGHTING When you roll a 1 or 2 on a damage die for an attack you make
 with a melee weapon that you are wielding with two hands, you can reroll the die
 and must use the new roll, even if the new roll is a 1or a 2.
 The weapoo must have the two-handed or versatile property for you to gaio this benefit.
 
3) PROTECTION When a creature you can see attacks a target other than
 you that is within 5 feet of you,you can use your reaction
 to impose disadvantage on the attack roll. Vou must be wielding a shield.
 
4) TWO-WEAPON FIGHTING When you engage in two-weapon fighting,
 you can add your ability modifier to the damage of lhe second attack.
  
Fangadorian soldiers are trained in the disarming of their targets specifically. They expend a superiority dice, which
they have two of:
	Dísarmíng Attack. When you hit a creature with a weapon attack, you can expend one
	superiority die to attempt to disarm the target, forcing it to drop one item ofyour choice that it's holding,
	Vou add the superiority die to the attack's damage roll, and the target must make a Strength saving throw,
	On a failed save, it drops the object you choose, The object lands at its feet. 
	
Second Wind: Once per rest, a Fangadorian can heal 1d4+Con Mod HP as a bonus action.
 
Attack bonus: [2+1d10]+1
Defense bonus: [2+1d10]

Spear: 3 gp, [1d8+2]+1, 3 Ib. Thrown (range 20/60) 
Longsword: 15 gp, [1d8+2]+1, slashing 3 1b. 
Crossbow, light: 25 gp, ld6 piercing, 5 1b. Ammunition (10) (range 80/320),
	loading, two.handed
Dagger:  2 gp, 1d6+1 piercing 1 Ib. Finesse, light, thrown (range 20/60) 
	
Feats:

1) ALERT Always on the lookout for danger, you gain the following benefits:
 Vou gain a +5 bonus to initiative. Vou can't be surprised while you are conscious. 
 Other creatures don't gain advantage on attack rolls against you as a result of being hidden from you.
 
2)CHARGER When you use your action to Dash, you can use a bonus action to make one melee weapon attack or to shove a creature.
 1fyou move at least 10 feet in a straight tine immediately before taking this bonus action,
 you either gain a +5 bonus to the attack's damage roll (ifyou chose to make a melee attack and hit)
 or push the target up to 10 feet away from you (ifyou chose to shove and you succeed).

3) DUAL WIELDER Vou master fighting with two weapons, gaining the following benefits:
 Vougain a +1 bonus to ACwhile you are wielding a separate melee weapon in each hand.
 Voucan use two-weapon fighting even whcn the onehanded melee weapons you are wielding aren't light.
 Voucan draw or stow two one-handed weapons when you would normally be able to draw or stow only one.
 
4)DEFENSIVE DUELIST Prerequisite: Dexterity 13or higher When you are wielding a finesse weapon
 with which you are proficient and another creature hits you with a melee attack, you can use your reaction
 to add your proficiency bonus to your AC for that attack, potentially causing the attack to miss you.
 
5)OBSERVANT Quick to notice details ofyour environment, you gain the following benefits: 
Increase your Intelligence or Wisdom score by 1,to a maximum of 20. If you can see a creature's mouth while it is speaking
 a Ianguage you understand, you can interpret what it's saying by reading its lips. 
 Vou have a +5 bonus to your passive Wisdom (Perception) and passive Intelligence (Investigation) scores.
 
6) SAVAGE ATTACKER once per turn when you roll damage for a melee weapon attaek,
 you ean reroll the weapon's damage diee and use either total.
 
7) SKULKER Prerequisile: Dexterily 13 Or higher. Vou are expert at slinking through shadows.
 Vou gain lhe following benefits: Vou can try to hide when you are lighlly obscured from the creature from which you are hiding.
 When you are hidden from a crealure and miss it with a ranged weapon attack, making the attack doesn't reveal your posilion.
 Dim light docsn'l impose disadvantage on your Wisdom (Perceplion) checks relying on sighl.
 
8) TAVERN BRAWLER Accustomed to rough-and-tumble fighling using whalever weapons happen lo be ai hand,
 you gain lhe following benelils: lncrease your Strenglh or Constilulion score by I, to a maximum of 20.
 Vouare prolicienl wilh improvised weapons and unarmed slrikes. Vour unarmed strike uses a d4 for damage.
 When you hil a creature with an unarmed strike 01' an improvised weapon on your turn, you can use a 
 bonus action lOattempl to grapple the targel. 
 
 
Personalities:

1)		Rarely curtious, this sharp faced man is risk taking and ambitious. While curious,
 he excersizes reasonable self control. He is honest and optimistic, and very observant. He is somewhat
 shy in social situations. He believes in children's tales, such as pixies and the like. He eats ravenously,
 despite his lean frame. Origionally from Waterford, this man's friend was wrongfully imprisoned. Because of this,
 he swore to get even with the captors. To do this, he joined the Fangadorian army to learn swordsmanship.
 
2)		This man's courteous act covers his unstable mind. He is often too paranoid to take risks, however his reaching
curiousity gets him into trouble--and he has the bruises and lashes to show for it. He sees many other people as
havens from his paranoia, and can be very trusting at times. Very illogical, he often makes up causes for events
based on nothing. Often solitary, he doesn't get along with other soldiers. He is prone to muttering, and often gives names
to inanimate objects. His paranoia is mainly pointed towards authority figures, who have abused him throughout his life, 
and his trust will often go to those at the same social level as him. 

3)		Cold and observant, this sergeant is logical and quick. His loyalty lies with the side that he feels will win,
and he feels no qualms about betrayal. He is honest and brunt, and never optimistic. Being an efficient person himself,
he often thinks long on how he can make systems that he's involved in more efficient--that includes training soldiers. This efficiency
leads to a very organized and tidy lifestyle. A born soldier, he always looked up to an older leader, a captain during the War of the White
Mountain. His passions were betrayed, however, when the sergeant began working with the captain, and he turned out to be nothing
more than a fake.

4-5)	These two banded together early in training. One slim and small and the other big and musled, they make an odd pair. The small one
has the brains of the pair, the big one being an oaf--a town fool blessed with the musles of an ox. The small one was a pickpocket, arrested and
sent to Fangador to be trained. The big one is prone to humming, and the small one often stutters when stressed--that's what got him arrested.

6)		A crossbowman for the Fangadorians, this man has little love for his position. Always in awe of the men on the front lines, he
has always wished to be better with the sword. Uncoordinated and clumsy, he was sent off from his family home outside of Balling to better himself,
make himself worthy of the family name. Ambitious, he lusts for the chance to prove himself to his superiors.
 
 